README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js">
    <img src="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/raw/main/packages/enterprise-search/test/fixtures/elastic-enterprise-search-logo.png" width="70%" alt="Elastic Enterprise Search" />
  </a>
</p>

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)  [![Build Status](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/buildStatus/icon?job=elastic%2Benterprise-search-js%2Bmain)](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+enterprise-search-js+main/). [![Node CI](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)


Official Node.js and universal clients for Elastic Enterprise Search, App Search, and Workplace Search.

- [Node.js client](./packages/enterprise-search) - All Enterprise Search APIs supported in Node.js
   - Read the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search-clients/enterprise-search-node/master/index.html)
- [Universal client](./packages/enterprise-search-universal) - Node.js and browser support for a lower API surface (search and analytics)

## License

This software is licensed under the [Apache 2 license](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

fix(): fixed boosts type definition error

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js">
    <img src="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/raw/main/packages/enterprise-search/test/fixtures/elastic-enterprise-search-logo.png" width="70%" alt="Elastic Enterprise Search" />
  </a>
</p>

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)  [![Build Status](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/buildStatus/icon?job=elastic%2Benterprise-search-js%2Bmain)](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+enterprise-search-js+main/). [![Node CI](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)

Official Node.js and universal clients for Elastic Enterprise Search, App Search, and Workplace Search.

This fork solve the type definition error utilizing "boosts" instead of "boost"

- [Node.js client](./packages/enterprise-search) - All Enterprise Search APIs supported in Node.js
   - Read the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search-clients/enterprise-search-node/master/index.html)
- [Universal client](./packages/enterprise-search-universal) - Node.js and browser support for a lower API surface (search and analytics)

## License

This software is licensed under the [Apache 2 license](./LICENSE).
