packages/enterprise-search/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js">
    <img src="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/raw/main/packages/enterprise-search/test/fixtures/elastic-enterprise-search-logo.png" width="70%" alt="Elastic Enterprise Search" />
  </a>
</p>

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)  [![Build Status](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/buildStatus/icon?job=elastic%2Benterprise-search-js%2Bmain)](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+enterprise-search-js+main/). [![Node CI](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)


Official Node.js client for Elastic Enterprise Search, App Search, and Workplace Search.

:information_source: **_This client is in beta. Beta features are subject to change and are not covered by the support SLA of general release (GA) features. Elastic plans to promote this feature to GA in a future release._**.

## Install
```
npm install @elastic/enterprise-search
```

## Quick start

```js
const { Client } = require('@elastic/enterprise-search')
const client = new Client({
  url: 'http://localhost:3002',
  // basic auth
  auth: {
    username: 'elastic',
    password: 'changeme'
  }
  // bearer auth
  auth: {
    token: 'my-token'
  }
})

// Enterprise Search API
const response = await client.enterprise.getHealth()
console.log(response)

// App Search API
const response = await client.app.search({
  engine_name: 'games',
  body: {
    query: 'Pack-Man'
  }
})
console.log(response)

// Workplace Search API
const response = await client.workplace.getDocument({
  content_source_id: 'test',
  document_id: 'id'
})
console.log(response)
```

## License

This software is licensed under the [Apache 2 license](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update readme with doc links, remove beta flag

packages/enterprise-search/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js">
    <img src="https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/raw/main/packages/enterprise-search/test/fixtures/elastic-enterprise-search-logo.png" width="70%" alt="Elastic Enterprise Search" />
  </a>
</p>

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)  [![Build Status](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/buildStatus/icon?job=elastic%2Benterprise-search-js%2Bmain)](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+enterprise-search-js+main/). [![Node CI](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elastic/enterprise-search-js/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)


Official Node.js client for Elastic Enterprise Search, App Search, and Workplace Search.

:information_source: Read the [full documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search-clients/enterprise-search-node/master/index.html) for this client at **elastic.co**.

## Install
```
npm install @elastic/enterprise-search
```

## Quick start

```js
const { Client } = require('@elastic/enterprise-search')
const client = new Client({
  url: 'http://localhost:3002',
  // basic auth
  auth: {
    username: 'elastic',
    password: 'changeme'
  }
  // bearer auth
  auth: {
    token: 'my-token'
  }
})

// Enterprise Search API
const response = await client.enterprise.getHealth()
console.log(response)

// App Search API
const response = await client.app.search({
  engine_name: 'games',
  body: {
    query: 'Pack-Man'
  }
})
console.log(response)

// Workplace Search API
const response = await client.workplace.getDocument({
  content_source_id: 'test',
  document_id: 'id'
})
console.log(response)
```

## License

This software is licensed under the [Apache 2 license](./LICENSE).
